c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.xap
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.g.resources
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\ProTelerikDemo.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Editor.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Gauge.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.MediaPlayer.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.RibbonBar.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Scheduler.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Editor.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Editor.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Gauge.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Gauge.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.MediaPlayer.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.MediaPlayer.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.RibbonBar.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.RibbonBar.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Scheduler.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Scheduler.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.pdb
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Categories.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Employees.g.i.cs
c:\users\jrguay\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ProTelerikDemo\ProTelerikDemo\obj\Debug\Views\Products.g.i.cs
